World Class Education Fueled by Global Academic Partnerships
Extending the core journalistic principles of Trust, Knowledge and Public Service, Bennett, Coleman and Co. Ltd. (BCCL) established over 178 years ago, has continually undertaken initiatives for the betterment of Indian society. The group started expanding into the education sector with the launch of TimesPro - which focuses on short-term courses that enhance employability. It then launched Bennett University, a state private university in Uttar Pradesh with the aim of providing Ivy League quality of education to undergraduate and postgraduate students making them, ‘life and career ready’. Bennett University located at Greater Noida, commenced its operations on 08 Aug 2016. The University fosters a proactive environment of Innovation and Entrepreneurship, while enhancing skills in all areas of higher education through the internationally acclaimed Centers of Excellence such as Centre for Innovation & Entrepreneurship (CIE) and Centre of Executive Education (CEE).
Vision
To become a Centre of Excellence comparable to the Ivy League standards; helping define aspirations and possibilities for the long term, and producing ‘life and career ready’ professionals with leadership quality, who are ready to challenge and be challenged (in the areas of technology, engineering, management, law, media, innovation and entrepreneurship).
Mission
To develop as a benchmark University in higher and professional education sectors. To provide an Ivy League quality education and learning experience in the higher education space in a world-class infrastructure and research-driven academic environment, to students looking for a well-rounded academic experience with enhanced employability prospects; and to harness human capital for sustainable competitive edge and social relevance.
Bennett University partners
Johnson Cornell University, USA
Bennett University’s School of Management gives you the most powerful launch pad possible for your management career, anywhere in the world. Our goal is to transform students into 360-degree professionals who can bring about change in a fast-evolving world. 
To add global expertise and insights, Bennett University has partnered with the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University, an Ivy League business school based in New York, USA. Known for its outstanding faculty and innovative management programs, Johnson Cornell has been a leader in business education for the past 70 years. 
This partnership prepares students for global success by building a strong foundation and the leadership skills required to solve the business challenges of tomorrow. Under the partnership (2016-2021), Johnson – Cornell assists Bennett University in the design & implementation of BBA and MBA program. Besides joint research, executive education and student immersion programs, faculty from Cornell University would visit Bennett University campus to deliver lectures to its students.